Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Uh. I'm not sure
if we're even on the air.
Uh. this is a. a series
of explosions..
'We're now being told
this is a major incident.'
'The emergency
is a major incident.'
'Reported bright lights
and an orange glow..'
'That was the moment
the meteor hit.'
'It does now appear to be
a major attack.'
'Since they landed outside
Hamburg five years ago''
they have steadily
advanced across Europe.
We've suffered millions
of casualties. and yet..
The evacuation of key government
officials continuing..
'Has been able to stop
their advance.'
'In human costs. the Europeans
have paid the highest price.'
Who mimic and even
anticipate our actions.
If we do not defeat them in
France. we'll be fighting them
in the streets of London.
then New York.
then Tokyo.
All of humanity's at stake.
'After five years.
we finally have a victory.'
'These pictures are just
in from Verdun.'
'The quick coalition victory
was how low'
'casualties were
and how little damage..'
'We have seen a stunning
victory here today.'
'The United Defense Force
has retaken Verdun.'
'How do you convince
people that this is'
a fight that can be won?
This is an alien invasion
in a global war.
'With the new jacket technology
and limited amount of training'
we've been able to create
super-soldiers.
Look at Rita Vrataski.
the angel of Verdun.
They're calling her
She is seen as the new hope
for this war.
It's extraordinary.
With the new jacket technology
and limited training
Rita Vrataski
was able to kill
hundreds of mimics on
only her first day in combat.
The success of revolutionary
new technology..
Is now here. The only thing
missing is you.
She's killed
hundreds of mimics.
She was able to kill
hundreds of mimics
on only her first day
in combat.
Imagine an army
of Rita Vrataskis.
We're managing to hold them back
at the English channel
but for how long?
'This is dangerous talk
and it's easy'
'to understand
why people are suspicious..'
'Over 70 nations have joined
The United Defense Force'
'which hopes to push them back
once and for all.'
We've got 'em contained.
And with this new technology.
we're gonna defeat 'em.
Operation Downfall is going
to be the largest
mechanized invasion
in the history of mankind.
We will be victorious.
We fight. That's what we do.
Major William Cage.
United States military media.
Welcome to London. Major.
The General will see you now.
Thank you.
'Operation Downfall.'
The entire might of
the UDF invading from France
the Mediterranean. Scandinavia
relieving pressure
on the Eastern front
allowing the Russians and
Chinese to push the enemy back.
'We all meet in the middle'
'exterminating this mimic
scourge along the way.'
'A lot of good soldiers
are gonna die tomorrow. major.'
'You know. when the smoke
clears and the body bags'
start coming home.
people tend to look for someone
to blame. someone like me.
Ideally. I'd prefer
a different scenario.
Please.
A best-selling memoir.
perhaps.
Maybe a career
in politics?
Off the top of my head.
I would go with
the-the sense
of manifest destiny.
'Rags to riches.
Rapid rise through the ranks.'
Uh. born to deliver us.
And the people
well. they love
that sort of thing.
You misunderstand. major.
I didn't ask you here
to sell me.
I want you
to sell the invasion.
Okay.
You ship out for the coast
in one hour.
Your camera crew
is standing by.
You'll be on the beach
with the first wave.
Uh. I'm sorry.
the f-first wave?
The beach?
You mean...the front?
France.
Satellites show minimal
enemy movement on the coast.
Little resistance.
A little excitement. something
to tell your grandchildren.
'Well. I appreciate'
the confidence. general.
That's.. I'm do..
I do this to avoid doing that.
It's..
I-I.. I was in ROTC in college.
Uh. the war broke out.
I lost my advertising firm
and here I am.
You know. I do what I do.
and you-you do what you do.
But...I'm not a...soldier
really.
No. of course you're not.
That's why I'm embedding you
with several
hundred thousand
men and women who are.
While it is an honor. General.
I'm afraid
I'm gonna have to decline.
Can't stand the sight of blood.
Not so much as a paper cut.
Uh. but. uh. si-sitting here
thinking about this
uh-uh-uh. a couple of names
come to mind
that I feel I could
recommend to you. It's--
It's not an offer. major.
It's an order.
General. I am an officer
in the United States military.
You don't even have
the authority.
I have spoken to your C.O.
You are now under my command.
You will retain
your present rank. of course.
My secretary has all
the details.
Do a good job. major.
Good luck.
You are dismissed.
'General?'
I just inspired
millions of people
to join your army.
And when the body bags come home
and they're looking
for someone to blame
'how hard do you think
it would be'
for me to convince people
to blame you?
I'd imagine that the General
would prefer to avoid that.
Are you blackmailing me.
major?
I would prefer..
...not to be filming acts
of heroism and valor
on that beach tomorrow.
You won't be.
I'm glad we could. uh.
work this out.
Now if you'll excuse me.
general. I--
Thank you.
Arrest this man.
What?
Hey! Hey!
Stop right there!
Hey! Stop!
Hold it!
'Left flank. march!'
'About-turn!'
'Supplies closing
in ten minutes.'
Get yourselves in line!
On your feet. maggot!
That is no way to address
an officer. sergeant.
It's how I address
a slack-jawed recruit
right before I bust his hole
with my boot heel. maggot.
'Hold up there. sergeant.'
Can I help you. sir?
Where the hell am I. sergeant?
Forward operating base
Heathrow.
You just came in
with the fresh recruits.
Do I strike you
as a fresh recruit?
No. sir. you do not.
My name is
Major William Cage.
- I'm an American officer.
- Officer?
This is processing.
There's no officers
down here.
I got this. sergeant.
How the hell did you
end up in processing?
What was it?
Poker night?
Bachelor party?
If it's all the same
to you. sergeant
I'd like to explain that
to my commanding officer
in Washington
so if you'll just
take me to a phone. I can--
Haven't you heard?
We're t-minus-haul-ass-h-hour.
We're fixing
to invade France.
This whole F.O.B.'s
on lockdown.
No calls. in or out.
- Your name is Farell.
- That's right.
Master Sergeant Farell.
you're an American.
No. sir.
I'm from Kentucky.
Okay. Well. look at me.
And look at where I am.
I've been railroaded.
It's obvious
I don't belong here.
So please. sergeant..
...there has to be a way
I can make a phone call.
I'll get you
sorted out. sir.
Thank you.
Right this way.
'Where you from in
Kentucky. sergeant?'
'Little town
called Science Hill.'
- Heard of it?
- I have now.
How 'bout you?
Where you from?
Cranbury. New Jersey.
They grow a lot of cranberries
there. do they?
Tomatoes.
Best you ever had.
Why they call it
cranberry. then?
Science Hill?
Never asked. Don't care.
After you.
'Please report to sector five
for jacket H.U.D. Calibration.'
You're not taking me to a phone.
are you. sergeant?
No. I am not.
Seems about the only honest
thing you said to me
so far is your name.
It says here
you're a deserter.
It says here you were caught
impersonating an officer.
It says here you'd likely
try to make an outside call
even compromise security
of this operation.
Anything to get out
of combat duty tomorrow.
But that's not
gonna happen
ever Private Cage.
Rumor is a terrible thing.
Come nightfall. these men will
all reach the same conclusion.
That you're a coward and a liar.
putting your life above theirs.
The good news is there's hope
for you. private.
Hope in the form
of glorious combat.
Battle is the great redeemer.
The fiery crucible in which
the only true heroes are forged.
The one place where all men
truly share the same rank
regardless of what kind
of parasitic scum
they were going in.
Hey. yo!
'Squad!'
This here is Private Cage.
Private Cage. J squad.
Isn't that an officer's uniform?
Those sure ain't
officer cufflinks.
I see everyone is havin'
a productive mornin'.
You know. it gives me
a swell of pride
knowin' soldiers of your..
...caliber will be leadin'
the charge tomorrow.
Tip of the spear.
Edge of the knife.
Crack of my...ass.
Oh. shit.
Private Kimmel. what is my view
of gamblin' in the barracks?
You dislike it.
Sergeant Farell.
Nance. why do I dislike it?
'Cause it entertains the notion
that our fate is in hands
other than our own.
And what is my
definitive position
on the concept
of fate? Chorus!
Through readiness
and discipline
we are masters of our fate.
You might call that
notion ironic.
But trust me.
you'll come around.
Private Cage is a deserter.
'I'm making you all
personally responsible'
'for his deliverance.'
He will be combat ready
at 0600 tomorrow.
Combat ready?
Private Cage is under the
delusion he is not belong here.
We must dissuade him
of this delusion.
If he tries to run.
feel free to dissuade him
until he can't piss standing up.
No. no. Sergeant.
you have to listen to me.
- I will never be combat ready.
- I envy you. Cage.
Tomorrow morning.
you will be baptized.
Born again.
'P.T.! Ten minutes!'
You're not in
uniform. private.
'Could all combat-ready
squadrons..'
It's a new day. people.
Destiny calls.
The world expects only one thing
from us. that we will win.
'Where's the
Claymores. please?'
'Where's my babies?'
Come on. Kimmel.
let's have it!
Oh. for Christ sake. Kimmel.
I gotta be free. man!
Alright. man. let's get
this show on the road.
I gotta suit up.
What's that noise? That..
'Let's go.'
Listen. man. I've never been
in one of these.
Yeah. well. I've never
been with two girls
at the same time before.
But you can bet when that day
comes. I'll make it work.
Hey. hey. hey.
Yeah. Kimmel..
- It's Griff.
- Griff. Griff. You bet.
Just think about this. man.
I could hurt somebody with..
Not with the safety on.
you won't.
'Get a shift on. mate.
Come on!'
- But..
- 'You ready?'
Where is the safety?
'Exactly.'
'It's time.'
Bloody hell.
it's the full metal b--!
Move!
- Griff.
- Sarge?
- Take care of Private Cage.
- What. all day?
Somethin' tells me
it won't be nearly that long.
Let's go!
- Griff!
- Cage! Cage!
'We lost Germany.
We lost France.'
'If we lose today.
we won't get to fight another.'
'I know the pressure
on you is enormous.'
'Two minutes to drop.'
'It's alright to be scared.'
Remember there's
no courage without fear.
'Ey!'
'Oi. mate!'
'I think there's something
wrong with your suit.'
Yeah.
There's a dead guy in it.
Hey. watch your back
out there...sir.
No one else will.
'one minute!'
One minute to drop!
Hey!
- Hey!
- What?
How do I turn the
safety off of my weapon?
What?!
How do I turn
the safety off..
Oh. my God!
'Get ready!
Thirty seconds to drop!'
- Yes!
- On my mark!
Stand by to deploy!
'Activate drop lines.
Remember..'
Drop!
Drop! Drop!
Drop! Go!
Go. let's go!
Come on!
Drop! Drop!
Cage! Drop or die!
Yeah! Whoo!
We made it!
Thank God. we made it!
Yeah--!
'Select language.'
'Let's move it!'
'We need help!'
'Someone help us out!
We need it now!'
Ah!
What the..!
Private Cage!
You goin' the wrong way.
You're gonna miss your moment.
What the hell?
They're not supposed
to know we're even coming.
We walked into a
slaughterhouse. man.
'It's a slaughterhouse!'
'Pull yourself together. Ford!'
'On your feet. people!'
Get in line!
Nance. get me a sit-rep.
Safety!
Griff. Ford. cover the flank!
My safety. My safety.
How do I get my safety?
- I'm waitin'. Nance!
- I got traces!
Five hundred meters
and they're coming in fast!
Son of a bitch.
Get outta the way!
Look alive if you wanna
stay that way!
Firing positions!
Here they come.
'Mean as hell
and thick as grass.'
'Wait till they're right on us.'
'A few more seconds.'
Hey! Hey!
Griff. fall back!
Hah! Hah-hah!
'Reload.'
'Reload. Reload. Reload.'
'Left flank...march!'
'Left. right. left!'
On your feet. maggot!
'Supplies closing
in 10 minutes.'
Get in line before I bust your
hole with my boot heel. maggot!
'Hold up there. sergeant.'
Can I help you. sir?
Sergeant Farell.
Is it..?
That is my name.
I think I get it.
What was it?
Poker night?
Bachelor party?
You know. I'm not sure.
It happens.
I'll get you sorted out. sir.
Let me take those for you.
What-what day is it?
For you..
...judgment day.
The good news is there's hope
for you. private.
Hope in the form
of glorious combat.
Battle is
the great redeemer
the fiery crucible in which
the only true heroes are fo--
"The only true heroes
are forged."
Did you just interrupt me.
private?
Sarge. you're..
You're-you're not gonna believe
what I'm about to tell you.
No. I'm not.
Now. where was I?
The fiery crucible..
The fiery crucible in which
the only true heroes are forged.
The one place where all men
truly share the same rank
regardless of what kind
of parasitic scum
they were goin' in.
Squad. this here
is Private Cage.
Private Cage...J squad.
Isn't that an officer's uniform?
They sure ain't
officer cuff links.
'You know. it gives me
a swell of pride'
'knowing soldiers
of your...caliber'
'will be leadin'
the charge tomorrow.'
Tip of the spear. edge of
the knife. crack of my ass.
Private Kimmel. what is my view
of gamblin' in the barracks?
Dislike it. Sergeant Farell.
'Nance. why do I dislike it?'
Because it entertains
the notion
that our fate is in hands
other than our own.
'And what is my
definitive position'
'on the concept
of fate? Chorus.'
'Through readiness
and discipline'
'we are masters of our fate.'
You might call that
notion ironic.
Trust me. you'll come around.
'Oh. for Christ sake. Kimmel.'
'I gotta be free. man!'
Alright. man. let's get
this show on the road.
- I gotta suit up.
- 'Let's go.'
Hey. what the hell's wrong
with you. man?
Haven't you ever been
in one of these before?
Maybe.
Do you know
where the safety is?
- I'm not sure.
- Good.
'I know the pressure
on you is enormous.'
Two minutes to drop.
It's alright to be scared.
Remember there's
no courage without fear.
'Hey! Oi. mate!'
I think there's something
wrong with your suit.
'Yeah.
There's a dead guy in it.'
Hey. watch your back
out there. sir.
No one else will.
Jinx. bitch!
'On my mark!'
Stand by to deploy!
Activate drop lines.
30 seconds.
- 'Remember. hit the street..'
- Hey!
Go! Go!
Aah!
Woo-hoo! We made it!
- Thank God. we made it!
- Behind you! Look out!
Incoming!
I'm hit. I'm hit.
How bad is it? Shit!
Is there.
is there a-a lot of blood?
You have a hole
in your chest.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Did you just take
my...my battery-battery?
No. no. no. no. Holy fuck!
Left. right. left.
On your feet. maggot!
Sergeant Farell!
- Sergeant Farell.
- Can I help you. sir?
My name is Major Bill Cage.
I'm U.S. Army media relations.
I was not at a bachelor party
or a poker game.
You have an order
in your left pocket
that says I'm a deserter caught
impersonating an officer.
But what it doesn't say
is that your-your name
is master Sergeant Farell
from Science Hill. Kentucky.
And if you'll give me 30 seconds
to explain how I know that
you may just save the lives
of every soldier on this base.
You have to listen to me!
They know we're coming!
They're waiting for us!
I have been there!
I've seen it!
You're all doomed!
You're doomed!
Okay. okay. okay.
Okay. I'm fine.
I'm fine.
This is J squad. Yes?
This is J squad. yes.
Not that I should
know that. but okay.
Have any of you
met me before?
Bitch. I don't know you.
Exactly! Yes!
Thank you.
Your name is Nance.
You're Bibble.
Kibble-Kimmel!
You fight balls out
literally.
Ford. Skinner. Griff.
You're..
He doesn't talk much.
But there's a card game
under the bed.
Thanks a lot. asshole.
Uh. Kimmel's working
on a flush.
Uh. spades.. No. clubs.
And you're gonna make them
eat those cards.
Am I right?
Now..
...what I'm about
to tell you sounds crazy.
It's true.
And you have to listen to me.
Your very lives depend on it.
- 'One minute!'
- The ship is gonna explode!
- The ship is about to explode!
- What?! What is he saying?!
Nance. what is he saying?
Hey! Anyone! Ha!
On my mark!
Stand by to deploy!
- Activate drop lines.
- The ship is about to explode!
Yeah! Whoo!
We made it!
Thank God. we made it!
'Before I bust your
hole with my boot heel!'
Yeah! Whoo!
We made it!
Thank God. we made it!
I'm sorry!
I'm trying to save you.
We're getting slaughtered.
You need to get us
off this beach.
We have to go. This drop ship
is about to explode.
We have to go now.
Wait.
Come on!
This ship is going to explode!
What are you doing?
Find me when you wake up.
- What?!
- Come find me when you wake up.
On your feet. maggot!
Get in line before I bust your
hole with my boot heel. maggot!
Good news is there's hope
for you. private.
Battle is the great redeemer.
The fiery crucible in which
the only true heroes are forged.
The one place where all men
truly sh-share the..
Squad. this here
is Private Cage.
Private Cage.
And you must be J squad.
It's good to meet you.
Isn't that an officer's uniform?
These sure ain't
officer's cuff links.
Keys in the left
pocket probably.
Private Cage is a deserter.
I'm making you all
personally responsible
for his deliverance.
He will be combat-ready
by 0600 tomorrow.
'Private Cage is
under the delusion'
'he does not belong here.'
'We must dissuade him
of this delusion.'
- If he tries to run. free--
- Oh. no. no. no.
I'm-I'm not going to run
from you guys.
It's. uh. not a chance.
Till he can't piss standin' up.
Thank you. Sergeant Farell.
What next?
A little. uh. P.T.?
'P.T.! Ten minutes!'
'Left!'
Left!
What are you? Sound off!
'I'm a warrior!'
- What do warriors do?
- Kill!
- 'What are you gonna do?'
- 'What are you gonna do?!'
- 'Kill!'
'It's gonna be my
20th battle tomorrow. man.'
You haven't been
in 20 battles. mate.
I have to.
You're gonna dump
your load the second
we hit the beach tomorrow.
Why don't you two get
yourselves a nice hot cup
of shut-the-hell-up!
Ha-ha. You funny. girl.
But I bet you I set some kind
of record tomorrow.
Fastest time runnin'
backwards. Ford.
Slippin' in your own shit.
Kill!
Knock off the grab-ass!
- Grab this. sarge!
- Hold up!
Private. drop and give me..
Fifty. sarge?
That's right.
Fifty.
Platoon!
Drop and give me fifty!
Compliments of Private Cage.
'Thank you. sarge!'
- And one!
- One!
- 'And two!'
- Two!
- 'And three!'
- Three!
Four!
Five! Six!
Seven!
What the hell
were you thinkin'?
'There's hope for you. private.'
Hope in the form
of glorious combat.
Battle is the great redeemer..
Two!
- Three!
- Four!
- Five!
Six!
Seven!
Eight!
Nine! Ten!
Eleven! Twelve!
Thirteen!
Fourteen!
Excuse me.
Sergeant Vrataski.
Excuse me!
Sergeant Vrataski?
- Excuse me!
- Yes?
Who said you could talk to me?
Have I got something
on my face. soldier?
You did. you did
tomorrow at the beach.
Tomorrow at the beach.
We meet.
You said to find you
when I wake up.
You do know
what's happening to me.
Come with me. Now.
You don't talk to anyone
about this but me.
'Cause the
best case scenario
is you're gonna end up
in a psych ward.
And the worst case. you'll get
dissected for study.
- Are we clear? Yes?
- Yes.
First time you died.
what happened?
- You killed a mimic?
- Yes.
- Describe it.
- Um. it was different.
It was. uh. bigger.
Bluish.
And you got covered
in its blood.
As a matter of fact. I did.
They know we're coming
on the beach tomorrow.
It's a slaughter. isn't it?
How do you know this?
Could you just.. Wait!
Wait. Wait.
Look. would you please
just explain to me
what the hell is happening?
What happened to you
happened to me.
I had it. I lost it.
Okay?
I mean. that's great.
There's a cure.
How do I get rid of this?
First. I need your help.
Help with-with what exactly?
Winning the war.
'Let's go! Come on!'
Rita. what is this?
Rita. what are you doing here?
You gotta give me
some warning.
Who's this?
He's me before Verdun.
He's gonna help us.
What?
You-you mean he's--
Yes.
When did he die? Where?
On the beach. Tomorrow.
How many fingers am I
holding up behind my back?
How should I know that?
Okay. so..
...this is the first time
we've had this conversation.
You should try this on him.
- What the hell is that?
- It doesn't work.
- Has he had any visions yet?
- Visions of what?
- Okay. so there's still time.
- Yes.
Time? Look.
I-I'm sorry. Which is..
Who is this?
Who are you?
I'm Dr. Carter.
Particle physics.
Advanced microbiology.
'He's also
the only other person'
'who'll believe
what's happening to you.'
No one understands mimic
biology better than him.
He's a top analyst
at Whitehall.
Well. I mean. I was until
I met Rita and now I'm just a
a "Mechanic with
psychiatric delusions."
Carter. show him.
Yeah. right.
Right. well. first of all..
...you're not fighting an army.
You have to think of this
as a single organism.
Now these common drones.
they act like its claws.
And Alphas..
...like the one that you
killed are much more rare.
Yeah. they're like one in
6.18 million by my guess.
'Yes.
They act as the enemy's--'
They're like its
central nervous system.
But this...is the brain.
It controls them all.
And this is the Omega.
And the Omega has
the ability to control time.
Whenever an Alpha is killed
an automatic
response is triggered.
The Omega starts
the day over again.
But you see. this time
it can remember
what's going to happen
just like you do.
It knows exactly
what we're gonna do
before we're gonna do it.
And an enemy that knows
the future can't lose.
But if that's true.
how did you win at Verdun?
We were allowed to win.
This thing wants us
to believe we can win.
'It wants us to throw everything
we have into the invasion.'
Operation Downfall isn't
our endgame. it's the enemy's.
The thing you've got
to understand is this is a..
...perfectly evolved.
world conquering organism.
For all we know.
there are thousands
millions of those asteroids
floating around in
the cosmos like a virus.
'And they're just waiting
to crash-land into a world'
with just the right conditions.
All they need is for
the dominant life form
to attack and..
'And there'll be nothing
to stop the mimics'
from conquering
the rest of the world.
- Unless you change the outcome.
- Me?
When you killed that Alpha.
you inadvertently entered
the enemy's nervous system.
Cage. you've seized control
of the Omega's ability
to reset the day.
How's that even possible?
Perhaps this organism's
only vulnerability
i-it's only vulnerability
is humanity.
Regardless of that.
you control the power now
'just as I did in Verdun.'
So I'm resetting the day?
Okay.
How do I control it?
You have to die.
Every day.
Until the Omega's destroyed.
First of all..
...this is a terrific
presentation.
Terrific.
'I know the general.'
'We should take this to him.'
You just tell him
everything you told me.
I went to see
the general. Cage.
Any number of times.
Psych ward. Dissection.
Remember?
What are you expecting
from me?
Have you seen
anything strange?
Is he shitting me?
- Visions.
- Uh. visions.
Have you seen any
visions like that?
The Omega senses when it's
losing control of its power.
E-even now it's mentally
searching to find you.
When it's close to finding you.
you will start having visions.
You'll start to see that.
Eh. you'll even see where it is.
And you had these visions?
Yes.
But eventually you saw it.
I mean. you actually saw it.
'Right?'
Never in the flesh.
So this is all
just some..
...theory.
You don't know
if this thing even exists.
The visions showed me
it was at Verdun.
I could see it. I..
I just..
...lost the power
before I could get to it.
And by the time
we took Verdun..
...the Omega was gone.
Okay. so all I have to do is..
...wait to have
these visions
and then tell you where
this Omega thing is.
No. Cage.
You're gonna get me there..
...and I'm gonna kill it.
Get you there?
I'm not..
I'm not even
trained for combat.
'Reload. Reload.'
Are you alright. Cage?
I think I broke something.
'What?'
My back.
The only thing I can feel
are my-my lips.
Now listen carefully.
This is a very important rule.
This is the only rule.
You get injured on the field.
you better make sure you die.
Why?
Last time I was in combat
I was hit.
I was bleeding out.
just not fast enough.
I woke up in a field hospital
with three pints of someone
else's blood and I was out.
I lost the power.
Do you understand?
I think we better start over.
Don't you?
What?
No one knows what
happened to Private Cage!
Skinner. you dumb-ass.
He was right next to you.
You're tellin' me
you don't know where that
slippery son of a bitch went?
No. sarge!
Alright.
Let's do another 50. shall we?
And one!
No. wait! Wait.
My name is Bill Cage.
I.. We met on the beach.
We meet on the beach tomorrow.
I have what you had.
Alright. let's go again.
You don't have time to think.
Remember.
'It's not enough knowing
where they're going to be.'
'You have to know
how to kill them.'
I just. hold on.
Hold on.
Listen. Listen.
Okay. do it.
On your feet. maggot!
Stop! Wait!
Wait. wait. wait!
Wait a second!
Wait a second.
You know.
I've been thinking.
I mean. this thing's
in my blood.
So maybe there's some way
I can transfer it to you.
I've tried everything.
It doesn't work.
I mean. have you..
...you know..
...tried all..
...all the options.
Oh. you mean sex.
Yep. Tried it.
- How many times?
- Alright.
Left. left!
Left. left. le..
Keep your eyes open.
Again.
Again. Again.
'Just wait! Wait!
I think I'm okay.'
On your feet. maggot!
Maggot! Maggot!
Now. I'm tryin' to be nice
to you. maggot! Now. move!
- Are you okay. Cage?
- Oh. yeah. yeah!
I'm good! I'm good!
Your leg's broken.
No. I-I can still feel my toes.
Oh. come on.
Rita. R-Rita. what is this?
What are you doing here?
Who-who-who's this guy?
- He's me...before Verdun.
- Before Verdun.
- What-what do you mean? He's..
- Yes. Yes.
- When did he die? Where?
- On the beach. Tomorrow.
I'm Bill Cage.
You're Dr. Carter.
We've had this
conversation before.
You have two fingers
behind your back.
I've had the visions.
I've seen the Omega.
Um..
It's..
...pretty much
game over tomorrow.
So. can we move this along?
Okay. Okay. Where?
There's a dam.
It's in the mountains.
I saw German writing.
'Do you think you can
work out where that is?'
Well. I mean. there can't be
too many places that fit
that description.
I'll see what I can do.
Training's over.
I'll see you tomorrow.
We don't even know
where we're going.
We will soon enough.
In the meantime.
you need to figure out
a way to get us off that beach.
What next?
- Where we going?
- Yeah.
Which way? Focus.
Which way?
I'm thinking.
- Okay.
- Oh. man!
How far did we make it?
You know. it's..
...hard to say. really. It's..
Hold! Hold!
Okay. go!
Son of a bitch!
I thought stepping left.
ducking..
Just for the record.
stepping left. ducking--
Stepping left. ducking right.
Stepping right.
Move on.
'Hold on!'
Now. remember. cross the trench
12 o'clock then
look to your right!
You're not being specific.
Do you understand?
You need to be specific.
otherwise. I'm dead.
Just.. Rita.
Cage!
Paces up to the top
of the trench.
I'm gonna step left there's
gonna be a mimic there
which I'll kill.
Ship explosion. I'm gonna
run 30 paces Northwest.
I'm gonna duck at
the top of that trench
and then
I'm gonna turn left.
Have I got something
on my face?
No.
'Cage. we've been lookin'
everywhere for you!'
Cage!
Cage. we've been lookin'..
Guys..
Guys. can we..
...just not do this today?
What are you talkin' about?
Farell almost strung
us up by our bollocks
for losing track of you!
Okay. Skinner. watch this.
Now. I'm gonna close my eyes.
- Ready?
- Yeah.
'Stinking bastard.'
I-I didn't mind
the extra push-ups.
'It's a new day. people.'
Destiny calls.
The world expects only
one thing from us
that we will win.
'The current situation
on the front line.'
'Our troops have suffered
heavy casualties.'
'It's about time we showed those
things what we're made of.'
'My father flew in
the battle of Britain.'
'Three years before
the yanks came into the war.'
'Couldn't be broken.
Backbone.'
'My Uncle George landed
on the beach at Normandy.'
'In their day. this war would
have been over by now.'
What do they want
with us. anyway?
It's obvious. isn't it?
Minerals.
- Minerals?
- Yeah. minerals. Metals.
- Oxygen. they want.
- Oxygen?
- Think about it.
- What difference does it make?
They're here.
They're winning.
And whatever it is.
they're gonna get it.
Shouldn't you be over there?
I've been over there.
More times than anybody.
As a matter of fact.
I'm usually long dead by now.
Coward!
'What's going on?'
'The power's gone.'
I found the Omega. I found it.
It has to be here.
Curnera Dam. Germany.
This has got to be it.
It fit's the description
perfectly.
Yes. you found it.
Again.
What difference does it make?
'Cause we're never
gonna get there.
No matter what we do
no matter how
carefully we plan..
...we can't get off that beach.
You can do this.
You can.
You keep coming here every day
and I'll train you.
You already have.
- I'm waitin'. Nance!
- 500 meters and closing fast!
What the..!
'Reload.'
What's next?
Straight shot...up the hill.
Okay.
Hey. sarge. the new guy..
...what's his name again?
'We'll need a vehicle
to get further inland.'
And what's the problem?
The problem is the ambush
waiting for us down there.
They kill us before
we find a working car.
Okay.
So. what's the current plan?
The two cars
we haven't tried yet.
- 'The minivan.'
- 'Yep.'
- 'The green S.U.V.'
- Okay.
So I'll head for the S.U.V..
draw the mimics to me
you go for the minivan.
You get it started
just go. take off.
Do not wait for me.
- Okay.
- Whoa..
Just don't forget to disconnect
the caravan before you take off.
You are going to be in a hurry
and you don't want
any dead weight.
Come on.
Come on. Cage!
'Our troops have suffered
heavy casualties.'
'The enemy has breached
security at Dover.'
I can't see.
'To seek shelter'
'as a matter of urgency.'
Can you?
'Mimics have now been sighted'
'at Portsmouth. Brighton'
'and as far inland as Horsham.'
'The government advice
at this point'
'is to stay where you are
and remain calm.'
'If you are in a vehicle'
'please lock doors
and stay inside.'
'We are-are now
hearing accounts'
'of mimic attacks
at Canterbury. Farnham'
'and we.. we..
I'm sorry.'
'The enemy has reached London.'
'Repeat.
London is under attack.'
It's good driving.
I forgot
to unhook the trailer.
'Engaged.'
You don't talk much.
I'm not a fan.
Of talking?
Not a fan of talking. No.
You know. you eventually
do talk to me.
It's usually around Lyon
you tell me about the time you
went there with your family.
Your brother got lost.
I've never been to Lyon.
You tell me your middle name.
Peyton.
That's not my middle name.
You found your brother
in the arcade. by the way.
Well. maybe I made it all up
just to keep you quiet.
But you do talk to me.
Cage. I do not need
to get to know you.
And if you knew
what was good for you
you wouldn't wanna
get to know me either.
It's the only way you make
it through this thing.
What about Hendricks?
You get to know him?
- How do you know that name?
- You mentioned him.
- That's not possible.
- Then how do I know his name?
When did I mention him?
Under what circumstance?
Is he why you won't talk to me?
Don't ever mention
his name again.
- Why? Are you in love with him?
- He's dead.
And I watched him die 300 times.
and I remember..
...every detail.
I remember everything.
So I don't need
to talk about it.
I'm sorry.
It's just war.
There's nothing here.
Let's keep going.
We have to find the keys.
Let's just siphon the gas.
Oh. why drive
when we can fly?
In that thing?
Let me guess.
You're afraid of heights.
I'm afraid of crashing.
And not at all
ashamed to admit it.
You'll be fine. Cage.
You'll learn.
- What is it?
- It's nothing. I'm fine.
- It's nothing.
Rita.
Let me see.
We have to find the keys
to the helicopter.
Yeah. I'm sure they're
around here somewhere.
You know the heli's
full of fuel. though.
I found a hose.
We're flying. Cage.
Let's just say
we find the keys.
You know. get that
helicopter started.
We don't have our
jackets or ammunition.
It's gonna be dark
in a few hours.
Might be better off just
going back to the farmhouse.
Seeing what we could salvage.
You know.
spend the night there.
Come back here in the morning.
And curl up by the fire
and open a bottle of wine?
I think we should just reset.
- Whoa! It's a dead end.
- Hey. just..
If it's all the same to you.
I'm tired. I'm in pain.
- I'd rather just start fresh.
- I'll tell you what.
Take a few minutes.
Coffee's ready.
I'll look around for the keys.
- That's productive.
- Ten minutes.
- Okay.
- And then I'm killing you.
Fine.
I can't believe
you found coffee.
Thank you.
Oh.
Sugar. right?
Yeah.
- Thank you.
- Ah. hold on.
Three.
You like three.
There's a shirt over there.
It should be your size.
'How many times
have we been here?'
How many times?
Where are the keys?
- Where are the goddamn keys?
- Yeah. okay.
You can fly it. can't you?
No. Well. yes.
I mean. I can take off.
I'm still working
on my landing. so..
What are we still doing here?
You're wasting time!
Rita. if you start
that engine you die.
This is far as you go
no matter what I do.
This is as far
as you ever make it.
There's a mimic buried
20 yards away.
It attacks when
you start the engine.
Get your weapon and get
in the helicopter. Cage.
There's more in
the field back there.
- Only one of us ever makes it.
- Get in.
The only thing we haven't tried
is the version
where you walk away. We just go
back to the farmhouse.
'There's a cellar.
There's food.'
You wait there till I get back.
You'll be safe.
I'm a soldier.
I volunteered.
- I'm not walking away.
- You die here.
Right here.
I...can't save you.
And if I go on and kill
the Omega. you're dead.
Forever.
Why does it matter
what happens to me?
I wish..
...I didn't know you..
...but I do.
My middle name..
...is Rose.
On your feet. maggot!
'The good news is there's
hope for you. private.'
'Hope in the form
of glorious combat.'
Battle is the great redeemer.
The fiery crucible in which the
only true heroes are forged.
The one place where all men..
Yes?
'Who said you could talk to me?'
Have I got something
on my face. soldier?
I'm sorry to disturb you.
sergeant.
Alright. man. let's get
this show on the road.
I gotta suit up.
'Come on. Kimmel.
let's have it!'
Where's your helmet?
Never wear one.
- It's a distraction.
- Have you been drinking?
I need three more
clips of 5-5-6
eight grenades
and an extra battery.
Get it.
'Oi!'
'Oi. mate!'
I think there's something
wrong with your suit.
There's a dead guy in it.
Woo-hoo! We made it!
Thank God. we made it!
Whoo..
Finish it!
It isn't there.
What do you mean
the Omega isn't there?
My guess is. it never was.
They knew we were coming.
They ambushed us.
The visions were a trap.
Just like Rita's visions
were a trap at Verdun.
It could have killed me.
but it didn't.
- It's was after my blood.
- So they know who you are.
They..
They want their power back.
And they're gonna get it
one way or another
unless we find the Omega.
The.. There isn't any
other way. we're finished.
No. we're not finished.
That doesn't work.
I-I can't get it to work.
You built a prototype
at Whitehall--
Yes. and I got fired for it.
thank you very much.
- Wh-what is this thing. anyway?
- 'It's a transponder.'
You stick it into
the Alpha and it taps into
the wavelength
connecting it to the Omega.
That's the idea. anyway.
But I can't get it to work
not with the equipment
I have on hand.
How do we get you what you need?
Well. that's the thing.
I mean..
When I was at Whitehall
I built one.
I was even ready to test it.
When I told
my superiors about it..
- Well. I lost my job.
- They thought he was crazy.
So all we need to do
is go to Whitehall.
'He'd be arrested 10 feet
from the front door.'
'Psych ward. Dissection.
Remember?'
Hey. hey. hey!
Aren't you forgetting something?
The transponder requires
a live Alpha to make it work.
We don't need one.
We got the next best thing.
When the Chinese delegation
comes out we pick up the pace.
This guy with the yellow
armband always recognizes you
so just keep your head down
and stay to my right.
Nicely done.
Three. two. one.
Go. One..
...six. seven. eight..
And. turn.
Okay. Keep walking.
Just stare straight ahead.
'Robinson.'
I've asked not to be disturbed.
This had better be critical.
The fate of mankind.
Critical enough?
I don't believe what I'm seeing.
I've had more than
my share of that.
Sit down. general.
Stay away from the desk.
I'd take her very seriously
if I were you.
Have to hand it to you. major.
When you left this office today.
I never imagined you'd be back.
Let alone with my most
decorated soldier.
I'm gonna tell you
a story. general.
And. at first.
it's gonna sound ridiculous
but the longer I talk
the more rational
it's going to appear.
- Tell him you'll call back.
- Tell who?
Major General Beaumont.
calling from Halifax.
His plane has just been delayed.
Bad weather.
Yes.
Thank you. Beaumont.
I'll call you back.
Tomorrow's invasion
is a slaughter.
I'm dead within 5 minutes
of landing on that beach
along with every other
soldier you are sending.
and that's because
the enemy knows we're coming.
How do I know this?
Before I died. I killed a mimic
only this one was different.
It passed something
on to me in my blood.
Now I live the same day
over and over again.
Just like they do.
Just like Sergeant Vrataski
at Verdun.
Tell your secretary
everything's fine.
Beg your pardon?
Um. I'm sorry. general.
- I thought you were alone.
- It's fine.
She typed up those orders
for you to authorize
but she left out
the ones referring
to the fuel dump at Greenwich.
Your name is Iris.
'Your birthday
is September 17th.'
The general quietly
pulled some strings
stationed your only
son in Australia
as far from the war
as possible.
Tell the general his dinner's
just been cancelled.
The call came in just now.
Your dinner was cancelled.
You forgot the fuel dump.
Thank you. Iris.
That'll be all.
- Cage. let's go.
- Rita. let me just--
- 'What are we doing?'
- 'Please.'
Don't shoot him again.
Okay? Just..
Just..
General. thi-this isn't
the first time
we've had this
conversation. okay?
That's-that's...because
you're stubborn.
You won't believe me when I tell
you that Dr. Carter was right.
That the enemy
can manipulate time.
The invasion will fail
no matter how many bodies
you throw at it.
'The only way to win this war'
'is by finding
this power source'
'of the mimic horde
and killing it.'
And the only means of finding it
is in that safe right there.
No matter how many times
we have this conversation
you refuse to accept
that the enemy
breaks through to London
tomorrow and we lose.
We lose everything.
Let's say for one moment..
...that I can't
rationally explain..
...your impressive
parlor tricks.
Dr. Carter told me..
...this device requires
a live mimic to work.
What use is it to you?
- That's my concern.
- On the contrary.
According to you.
this concerns the whole world.
Well. what would you do if you
believed everything
I just told you?
- I would locate this..
- Omega.
And bomb it out of existence.
You're not mentally equipped
to fight this thing.
And you never will be.
What do we do now?
I don't know.
We've never gotten this far.
- That was easy.
- Now!
Stop right there! Don't move!
Nobody move!
'Weapon!'
'Stop!'
They're off and away!
What am I supposed to do
with this?
Stick it in your leg.
Do it!
Cage. what's happening?
Talk to me.
I feel it. it's takin..
...it's taking me there. umm..
What do you see?
It's-it's the Louvre.
Where? Where are you?
I'm inside now. It's flooded.
I'm going down. I'm.
I'm in a garage.
A garage underneath the museum.
The Omega. Can you see it?
It's in Paris.
Rita!
'Turn your head!'
'Stay in the car!'
'Move away from the car!
Move away!'
What have you done?
You'll be fine.
You just needed blood.
You don't know
what you've just done.
I'm not allowed to talk to you.
I was with someone.
Rita Vrataski. Is she alive?
Rita Vrataski.
Please.
Just tell me that.
Please tell me.
I'm sorry.
I was out of those things
in three minutes flat. Cage.
What's wrong with you?
I thought you were dead.
Not yet.
- Sorry. cage.
- No! Whoa-whoa.
Wait! Wait! I'm out. I'm out.
They gave me blood.
'I lost the power.'
I feel it.
I can't reset the day anymore.
We have to kill the Omega
before the invasion starts.
That gives us
less than three hours.
We need a drop ship
to get to Paris in time.
Need more soldiers too.
Now who's crazy enough
to follow us to Paris?
Cage!
- Cage!
- 'Guys!'
We've been lookin'
everywhere for you.
Just listen.
Farell almost strung us up
by our bollocks
for losing track of you!
Just listen.
You're gonna wanna hear
this story.
Now. it's gonna sound ridiculous
at first
but the longer I talk
the more rational
it's going to appear.
Yeah?
He named the school I went to.
And then he tells me
my second grade teacher
was called Miss Polio.
She wouldn't let him go
to the bathroom
made him wet his pants.
Shut up!
Look. I am telling you. man.
He knows everything
about all of us.
- Bullshit.
- Yeah?
He says your name
ain't really Ford.
Says Ford was your friend.
Died in combat on his first day.
'You took his place.
Send your checks to his family.'
You slippery bitch.
'Cage says the enemy
knows us too.'
'They're waitin' for us
on the beach.'
And we all die. the whole
invasion is a slaughter.
Well. this is great.
Really good confidence boost
for tomorrow. Thanks. Cage.
But we can change it. right?
I mean. there has to be
somethin' that we can do.
There has to be...a way
that we can win.
There is a chance.
It's a slim one.
But it means coming
with me right now.
Listen. pal. I don't really care
what you think you know
about us.
'We just met you.'
Come on. why would we
follow him into combat?
I don't expect you to follow me.
I expect you to follow her.
That's the full metal J-squad.
This is Rita Vrataski.
- Otherwise known as--
- Yeah. yeah.
The Angel of Verdun.
Okay.
It's a new day. people.
Destiny calls.
The world expects only one thing
from us. that we will win.
Rest assured the enemy
will thank you
for not giving
a hundred percent today.
Squad.
Where's J squad?
Right. okay. so this Omega.
it controls time.
Just blow the new age
piece of bollocks
back where it came from.
and then we go home.
Right. it-it's guarded
by an alpha.
Just kill it. Okay?
No. you heard what Cage said.
Do not kill an Alpha.
If we kill an alpha. the Omega
will reset this whole day.
We'll never even remember
we had this conversation.
And they're gonna know
we're coming.
So what am I supposed to do
if one of those alphas
is about to kill me?
You take a hit for the team.
When we're on the ground
there's not gonna be
a lot of time
before they know we're there.
We're gonna need eyes up here.
I'm going in. Cage.
Thirty seconds till contact.
- Cage!
- Oh. no! Oh!
Kimmel! Now!
Ford! Let's go!
- Cage!
- Drop. Nance!
Talk to him. Rita! We gotta go.
- Drop.
- Cage..
They know we're coming. man!
Drop! Drop! Drop!
- Drop.
- You're not hooked in.
What took you so long?
Any others?
'We're low on ammo.'
'I've got one Claymore.'
'Ford. you're out.'
Griff has only got
half a magazine left
and he can hardly move.
'I thought you could see
the future.'
I haven't lived this day.
I don't know
what's gonna happen.
It doesn't matter.
What matters is we finish this.
With what?
'I mean. Griff can't even walk.'
'We're three men down. Come on.'
Look. We're running out of time.
Collect your ammo.
'There must be
a thousand mimics'
between us and that pyramid.
So. what we gonna do.
just walk up to the front door?
- 'Is that it?'
- If we stay here. we die.
'Yeah? We'll never get through.'
We could..
...in that.
That ship will never fly.
Doesn't need to fly.
It just needs to get us
across there with speed.
If the engines are still running
we could steer it
with the power levers.
Skinner...clear a path.
- 'Try it again. now.'
- No. it's not reading.
Condition lever. low.
'Master power. on.'
Griff!
We've gotta go! Come on!
I'm not gonna be any good
in there. mate.
Let me buy you some time.
Power's on.
This is gonna work.
Hey!
Hey. come on. man!
We gotta go!
Don't wait for us!
Skinner!
'Griff. come on!'
We're good to go.
Where are they?
Where's Skinner and Griff?
They're not comin'.
Go. brother. You gotta go. man.
I'll see you
in the next life.
Bollocks.
Move over! Move over!
We gotta go!
Yo. we gotta go. Now!
They're coming. Cage.
- Aah!
- Come on. you bastards!
Come on!
'Reload.'
'Reload. Reload.'
We got incoming!
Ah. come on!
'Cage!'
You have to take over!
No!
Rita!
Punch it! Punch it!
We've been through worse.
Okay.
'It's there.'
In the water. There.
That's an Alpha.
I'm gonna draw that thing away.
You kill the Omega.
No.
You won't make it 10 feet
before that thing
kills you. Cage.
- I can do it.
- Take the grenades.
- Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Neither one of us
is getting out of here.
Thank you...for getting me
this far.
You're a good man. Cage.
I wish I had the chance
to know you better.
Welcome to London. Major.
I'm Corporal Montgomery
your liaison
to General Brigham's
press office.
Very good to have you.
Have you heard the news?
Isn't it brilliant.
Just before sunrise
this morning
a large surge of energy
was detected in Paris.
We do not know exactly
what this signifies
'but the result appears
to be a total collapse'
of the enemy's capacity
to fight.
Russian and Chinese troops
are now moving across Europe
without resistance.
'Tomorrow. we advance
on the western front.'
'We believe we are marching
to claim a victory'
'for ourselves..'
for our loved ones
for our countrymen
for the entire human race.
What are you?! Sound off!
- I'm a warrior!
- What do warriors do?
- Kill! Kill!
- What are you gonna do?
You have not been
in twenty battles.
- Ford.
- I have too.
You're gonna dump your load
the second
you hit the beach tomorrow.
Ford.
How about you two
go get yourselves
a nice hot cup of
shut-the-hell-up!
You funny. girl.
but I bet you
I set some kind of
record tomorrow.
Fastest time runnin' backwards.
Ford
slippin' in your own shit.
'Knock off the grab-ass!'
- 'What are you?! Sound off!'
- I'm a warrior!
- 'What do warriors do?'
- Kill!
Attention!
Yes?
What do you want?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm